resources.md, before:

# RESOURCES
## Articles
###### Search for Simone  - A social media investigation
    https://red-goat.com/social-engineering/simone

#### From email to phone number, a new OSINT approach (Martin Vigo)
    https://www.martinvigo.com/email2phonenumber/

##### Guidelines for removing your data from the internet
    https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UY9U2CJ8Rnz0CBrNu2iGV3yoG0nLR8mLINcnz44XESI/edit#gid=1864750866

##### OSINT for researching business
https://www.varonis.com/blog/best-sources-of-business-data-in-2019/

 ##### How to find information on anyone
    https://medium.com/@Peter_UXer/osint-how-to-find-information-on-anyone-5029a3c7fd56


##### guide to getting started in OSINT
   https://www.randhome.io/blog/2019/01/05/2019-osint-guide/


##### Interviews with convicted Burglers about osint
    https://www.kgw.com/article/news/investigations/we-asked-86-burglars-how-they-broke-into-homes/344213396

##### How to tell is someone is snooping on your computer
    https://www.komando.com/tips/557075/how-to-tell-if-someone-is-snooping-on-your-pc-or-mac

##### Trape - a more aggressive approach to osint
    https://github.com/jofpin/trape
    https://www.securitynewspaper.com/2018/11/29/track-people-on-internet-trape-demo-tutorial/

 ##### Why you should NOT share an image of your airline boarding pass
    https://www.theverge.com/2017/1/10/14226034/instagram-boarding-pass-security-problem-bad-idea





## Data Removal
##### Guidelines for removing your data from the internet
    https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UY9U2CJ8Rnz0CBrNu2iGV3yoG0nLR8mLINcnz44XESI/edit#gid=1864750866





## Learning Resources
##### SANS
OSINT Course Demo - SEC487
    https://www.sans.org/ondemand/get-demo/890


##### Michael Bazzel - a master of privacy
    https://inteltechniques.com/blog/?s=workflow





## Lists & collections
##### Aware Online OSINT tools
    https://www.aware-online.com/en/osint-tools/

##### Awesome OSINT links
    https://github.com/jivoi/awesome-osint

##### Data Detox Kit - Highly recommended as a first stop
    https://datadetoxkit.org/en/home

##### Google Hacking Database
    https://www.exploit-db.com/google-hacking-database

##### OSINT TOOLS
*   https://www.randhome.io/blog/2019/01/05/2019-osint-guide/


##### Reuser's OSINT list
    http://rr.reuser.biz/#governmentworld%20leaders






## Podcasts
##### 005-OSINT strategies for Privacy w/Michael Bazzell
    https://soundcloud.com/user-98066669/005-OSINT-strategies-for-privacy

##### Jun 2019 was a Bad week for OSINT, but a Good week for privacy
    https://soundcloud.com/user-98066669/126-a-bad-week-for-osint-great-for-privacy







## Tools
##### Data Detox Kit
    https://datadetoxkit.org/en/home

##### Dehashed - see if your password has been compromised
    https://dehashed.com/

##### H8Mail - Password Breach Hunting and Email OSINT tool, locally or using premium services. Supports chasing down related email
    https://github.com/khast3x/h8mail
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8G_vBBHtfA

##### Hunchly research tool
    https://hunch.ly/#collapseFour

##### OSINT Framework - Interactive Tool list
    https://osintframework.com
    https://github.com/lockfale/OSINT-Framework


##### Phone2Email (Martin Vigo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=128&v=dfvqhDUn81s
https://github.com/whitef0x0/phone2email


##### PhoneInfoga  - Advanced OSINT tool for phone numbers
    https://github.com/sundowndev/PhoneInfoga

##### Pwdlogy  password guesser

    https://tch1001.wordpress.com/2016/11/23/pwdlogy-example-walkthrough/
    https://github.com/tch1001/pwdlogy

##### Signal encryption tool
    https://signal.org/#page-top

##### Spiderfoot recon tool - automates searches against a list of several sources, including Shodan

    https://www.spiderfoot.net/
    https://github.com/smicallef/spiderfoot
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=128&v=dfvqhDUn81s
    https://null-byte.wonderhowto.com/how-to/use-spiderfoot-for-osint-gathering-0180063/


##### Tineye - reverse image search
    http://tineye.com/

##### Wickr personal encryption
    https://wickr.com/why-wickr/

##### zipcode based search (no address required)
    https://www.melissa.com/v2/lookups/propertyviewer/zipcode/





## Vids
#### Applied OSINT for Social Engineering (Joe Gray)
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6vqbDQOncY

##### Locate Breached accounts with h8mail
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8G_vBBHtfA

##### OSINT tools for Phone Numbers using PhoneInfoga
    https://null-byte.wonderhowto.com/how-to/find-identifying-information-from-phone-number-using-osint-tools-0195472/

Commit message:

Added Tracelabs, HIBP and rearranged things

resources.md, after:

# RESOURCES
## Articles
###### Search for Simone  - A social media investigation
    https://red-goat.com/social-engineering/simone

##### From email to phone number, a new OSINT approach (Martin Vigo)
    https://www.martinvigo.com/email2phonenumber/

##### Guidelines for removing your data from the internet
    https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UY9U2CJ8Rnz0CBrNu2iGV3yoG0nLR8mLINcnz44XESI/edit#gid=1864750866

#####  Business Research
https://www.varonis.com/blog/best-sources-of-business-data-in-2019/

##### How to find information on anyone
    https://medium.com/@Peter_UXer/osint-how-to-find-information-on-anyone-5029a3c7fd56

##### guide to getting started in OSINT
   https://www.randhome.io/blog/2019/01/05/2019-osint-guide/

##### Interviews with convicted Burglers about osint
    https://www.kgw.com/article/news/investigations/we-asked-86-burglars-how-they-broke-into-homes/344213396

##### How to tell is someone is snooping on your computer
    https://www.komando.com/tips/557075/how-to-tell-if-someone-is-snooping-on-your-pc-or-mac

##### Trape - a more aggressive approach to osint
    https://github.com/jofpin/trape
    https://www.securitynewspaper.com/2018/11/29/track-people-on-internet-trape-demo-tutorial/

 ##### Why you should NOT share an image of your airline boarding pass
    https://www.theverge.com/2017/1/10/14226034/instagram-boarding-pass-security-problem-bad-idea





## Data Removal
##### Guidelines for removing your data from the internet
    https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UY9U2CJ8Rnz0CBrNu2iGV3yoG0nLR8mLINcnz44XESI/edit#gid=1864750866





## Learning Resources
##### SANS
OSINT Course Demo - SEC487
    https://www.sans.org/ondemand/get-demo/890

##### Michael Bazzel - a master of privacy
    https://inteltechniques.com/blog/?s=workflow

##### Tracelabs.org - Crowdsourced OSINT to find missing persons
https://www.tracelabs.org/




## Lists & collections
##### Aware Online OSINT tools
    https://www.aware-online.com/en/osint-tools/

##### Awesome OSINT links
    https://github.com/jivoi/awesome-osint

##### Data Detox Kit - Highly recommended as a first stop
    https://datadetoxkit.org/en/home

##### Google Hacking Database
    https://www.exploit-db.com/google-hacking-database

##### OSINT TOOLS
*   https://www.randhome.io/blog/2019/01/05/2019-osint-guide/


##### Reuser's OSINT list
    http://rr.reuser.biz/#governmentworld%20leaders






## Podcasts
##### 005-OSINT strategies for Privacy w/Michael Bazzell
    https://soundcloud.com/user-98066669/005-OSINT-strategies-for-privacy

##### Jun 2019 was a Bad week for OSINT, but a Good week for privacy
    https://soundcloud.com/user-98066669/126-a-bad-week-for-osint-great-for-privacy







## Tools
##### Data Detox Kit
    https://datadetoxkit.org/en/home

##### Dehashed - see if your password has been compromised
    https://dehashed.com/

##### H8Mail - Password Breach Hunting and Email OSINT tool, locally or using premium services. Supports chasing down related email
    https://github.com/khast3x/h8mail
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8G_vBBHtfA

#####  HIBP - Check if your email address has ever been in a data breach
    https://haveibeenpwned.com/

##### Hunchly research tool
    https://hunch.ly/#collapseFour

##### OSINT Framework - Interactive guide to OSINT tools. Use this to do OSINT on yourself.
    https://osintframework.com
    https://github.com/lockfale/OSINT-Framework

##### Password Managers
 http://digitalfootprintimu.weebly.com/

##### Phone2Email (Martin Vigo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=128&v=dfvqhDUn81s
https://github.com/whitef0x0/phone2email


##### PhoneInfoga  - Advanced OSINT tool for phone numbers
    https://github.com/sundowndev/PhoneInfoga

##### Pwdlogy  password guesser

    https://tch1001.wordpress.com/2016/11/23/pwdlogy-example-walkthrough/
    https://github.com/tch1001/pwdlogy

##### Signal encryption tool
    https://signal.org/#page-top

##### Spiderfoot recon tool - automates searches of a single term against a several popular websites, sercvices and social media
    https://www.spiderfoot.net/
    https://github.com/smicallef/spiderfoot
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=128&v=dfvqhDUn81s
    https://null-byte.wonderhowto.com/how-to/use-spiderfoot-for-osint-gathering-0180063/


##### Tineye - reverse image search
    http://tineye.com/

##### Wickr personal encryption
    https://wickr.com/why-wickr/

##### zipcode based search (no address required)
    https://www.melissa.com/v2/lookups/propertyviewer/zipcode/





## Vids
#### Applied OSINT for Social Engineering (Joe Gray)
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6vqbDQOncY

##### Locate Breached accounts with h8mail
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8G_vBBHtfA

##### OSINT tools for Phone Numbers using PhoneInfoga
    https://null-byte.wonderhowto.com/how-to/find-identifying-information-from-phone-number-using-osint-tools-0195472/
